How SEACR works
- SEACR is supposed to deal with the lower read depth and background levels generated by CUT&RUN
    - Other peak callers have trouble with sparse data, and may call background as a peak
- SEACR = Sparse Enrichment Analysis for CUT&RUN
    - https://epigeneticsandchromatin.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13072-019-0287-4
        - Identify signal blocks of continuous non-zero read depth in target and control (IgG)
            - Plot signal in IgG vs. signal in target, and choose threshold for calling peaks based on where the most target peaks have higher signal vs. IgG peaks
            - See Figure 1A in SEACR pub. 
            - Anything overlapping with a IgG block that meets the threshold OR anything not overlapping IgG blocks but fails the threshold is called as a peak. 
        - Validation of SEACR
            - Authors called peaks with MACS2 or SEACR using ChIP-seq data. Got a similar number of peaks called by SEACR vs. MACS2, which shows they function similarly when using CUT&RUN data
- SEACR parameters
    - Threshold (two options)
        - Provide IgG, which can be used to calculate the threshold
        - Choose a global threshold value (e.g. only call 99th percentile)
    - Peak selection mode 
        - Stringent = More conservative - identifies a smaller number of peaks with higher confidence. Uses the peak of the total signal of the curve
        - Relaxed = Identifies a larger number of peaks. Uses a total signal threshold between the knee and peak of the curve.
